The Joe Rogan experience.
Yeah, I did all that.
I went outside and I started taking it and I lost weight.
I didn't want to, and, and I haven't gotten it.
Good. Aren't you happy? They lost weight. Don't you feel like lighter?
I feel lighter. That's exactly how I feel moving around. Yeah, dude. Well,
it's like, it's the equivalent of like eight bags of potatoes.
And if I think about what it would be like to carry that around in a backpack,
like through an airport and then get to set it down, take.
One of those. Take one of those 45 pound plates. That's a heavy weight. Like a,
you put on a, like a barbell, one of those big ones. That's.
What you lost my ankle weights. And my hand weights together are 20 pounds.
And if I think about carrying that times two, yeah.
Even across a room annoying, I would be tired.
And that's what you were doing. And I feel so much better. I mean,
I had had back pain from the time that I was a teenager.
I'd had joint pain and I thought that I was just gonna have it for my whole
life,
cuz I didn't think I was heavy enough that it was affecting my joints and that
pain is all gone. And um, and it makes sense to me, cuz again,
if I carry around a heavy bag through an airport,
like my back will hurt at the end of the day. If I do that right now. Yeah.
And to have to carry that weight around everywhere I go,
everything I do even just sitting, having that extra weight,
like I just don't want it back.
And I think part of it might be cuz I stopped eating flour and sugar,
which I've heard are inflammatory as well. So I think part of it might be that,
but the other thing is just getting to set down the weight. I feel awesome.
I think.
Both are factors. Yeah, for sure.
I mean that definitely the it's just logical that the weights a factor,
but for sure sugar and,
and flour and any processed foods like that cause inflammation.
So what did you do for exercise?
Um, I played tennis and swim and I do workouts.
Um, that Stasia pat well created. She was a comic.
She ran a show at the store and she's a trainer and she started doing
these classes on zoom for female comics.
And a bunch of us have had before and after transformations
were like a bunch of fat comics have gotten hot because of her workouts.
<laugh> she's onto something, dude. She's so funny. And she,
you can like work you out for an hour where I'm just like laughing.
I feel like I'm hanging out with a friend and she has this specific brand of
tough love where she'll like, she'll call she'll call me a.
Like right before I'm about to drop out of a plank and she'll be like,
the world has enough. Don't be a. Don't out. What is her name again?
Sta pat will L S T a S I a P a T w does she have an Instagram? Yeah.
And her Instagram is just that it's all one word. Jamie will find it.
She's a monster. And she called her thing. School of thought. T H O T.
Oh the H O.
T. That's hilarious.
School of thought a beast dude. Is that right there? Yeah.
She has the transformations in her highlights.
All right. She's so funny, dude.
She's nostalgic for Boston in the nineties.
Right now. Yeah. She'll yell at you in her like movies yesterday,
long island accent. I'm like and something about it.
I wouldn't tolerate half the she says to me from an east.
Course in the nineties. I'm telling you some of that. Wasn't funny. <laugh>.
Oh, there I am. Look at that. Oopsie doopy bits. He's in a bra.
Uhoh go to the far right. Look at her dude. You lost so much. Wait,
that's crazy.
You got my little cats in the background that I adopted,
so I wouldn't open my wrist in a bathtub. There we go. There she is.
I did not know I was that fat boy. Do I have egg on my face?
What, what did you think? <laugh>.
You just didn't check. I thought I had 25 pounds to lose.
And so I set, I mean I'm comfortable talking about numbers.
So my top weight was 180.
I set my goal weight at 1 55 and now I'm 1 42 0.5. Wow.
And I'm not, I'm in a healthy weight range.
So if my body stops like easily losing weight, then I'll be like, okay,
this is the weight that my body wants to be, but it's still,
I'm still losing weight and it's not protesting.
I'm certainly not starving myself. That's.
Awesome. Yeah.
So it was just a matter of eating the right food and just forcing yourself to do
rigorous at.
Exercise. Yeah.
I joined a support group for Overeaters and I weigh measure and
write down every single thing I put in my body and eat balanced
portions that were given to me by a dietician.
So I measure out like protein, grains, fruits, and vegetables fats.
And then my goal that I, uh,
that I try for is to be in a caloric deficit of about 250 calories a day,
which averages out to, uh, about a half a pound, a week of weight loss.
And I don't do it perfectly,
but like that's enough where I'm not starving all the time. I'm satiated,
but so it's sustainable, but I'm also like steadily losing weight.
And it's been, I mean, I haven't had pizza in a year.
Like I haven't had any added flour, any added sugar. Wow. And um,
like 10 months.
Well you're a disciplined person, you know, I really admire your work ethic.
And I,
I know I've told you this before you had come to the store with your notebooks.
I'm like, look at you're notebook is like, you're like meticulous.
Like all your would be like super written out.
And so many comics are so impulsive and sort of
scatterbrained and they don't focus. And I really admire that. You're focused.
I, I always admired that. I thought it was.
Cool. Thank you so much. I admire that about you too.
So that means so much coming from you. I admire your work ethic. Yeah.
I pretty much like took the energy that I had been putting in to stand up and
just applied that same thing to this cuz it's like,
if you really wanna do something, why around. Why waste the effort? Yeah.
Like what would be the point?
And I spent so long trying to like diet without weighing and
measuring and having like an intention that it's like,
I just put up a shitload of boundaries to where it was unfuckable because I
believe in taking like little actions in the direction of the thing that you,
but it doesn't help me if I'm like, I'm gonna try to just eat better,
which is such a general concept.
And then if I'm stepping on the scale once a week,
then what happens when my weight is up. I, because as it stands now,
I'll step on the scale. My weight could be up three pounds and that's fine.
And I don't trip because I wrote everything down.
I know that I'm in a caloric deficit and I know it's water or salt, whatever.
I don't understand that stuff.
But then I step on the scale the next week and it'll be down, you know,
mm-hmm <affirmative>.
And so I thought that like a weight loss chart went like that,
but it really goes like that. And I think, especially for women, I mean,
mine's just been up, down, up, down up, but the general trend is, you know,
38.
Months later, if you could take the energy that you like,
the good that you feel from losing weight and getting healthy and just somehow
or another, like put it in a VR, like put it in someone's head,
like feel just feel this, just feel this ready, put it on like, oh my God,
I feel so good. Like you can get there. You can get there.
Like you can get there. But the problem is,
everybody wants to get there so quick. They want to get there immediately.
They wanna take a pill. They wanna listen to Dr. Oz.
They want to get there quick. You can't get there quick. Yeah. Doesn't work.
And that the crazy thing is like,
you gotta get sick the same way or you gotta get better the same way you got
sick. Like it takes time to get overweight and it takes time to lose weight.
Like you, if you're not gonna just starve yourself and lose it all,
cuz your body's gonna go a deficit, you're gonna freak out.
Your metabolism's gonna crash. Then when you eat, you're gonna pack it on quick.
Cuz your body's gonna like, oh my God, we, we, we might starve to death.
Like I have to slow my metabolism down.
Yeah. I think a huge part of it too is like the action has to be eat the reward.
So like I love doing my workouts because she makes me laugh.
It's built right into my routine. I eat my oatmeal. I meditate.
And then I do one of her workouts and it, it feels good.
It feels good for my body. And um, and the same thing with food.
Like I don't eat most of my favorite foods from before
anymore, but I love everything I do eat. Cuz I've learned how to cook stuff.
Brown rice, vegetables, proteins.
I've learned how to cook food the way that it tastes good to me.
And so I'm not doing workouts. I hate, I'm not eating food that I hate.
And so it's sustainable. That's awesome.
Throw this off the deck. Same CRA you got crazy.
Got a little crazy. It's sustainable.
Everybody eats electrocuted. <laugh> yeah. It's uh, it's good to see.
I'm very happy for you. Catch new episodes of the Joe Rogan experience for free.
Only on Spotify. Watch back catalog JRE videos on Spotify,
including clips easily seamlessly switch between video
and audio experience on Spotify.
You can listen to the JRE in the background while using other apps and can
download episodes to save on data cost. All for free.
Spotify is absolutely free.
You don't have to have a premium account to watch new JRE episodes.
You just need to search for the JRE on your Spotify app.
Go to Spotify now to get this full episode of the Joe Rogan experience.